CI/CD pipeline migration.
So our biggest client in Germany,
they had this huge list of Jenkins
deployment configurations and a
single VM on their old data center.
And my function here was go
through build by build and transfer
all of them to Google Cloud build.
So this was in the middle of
a process of a huge migration.
So some of the applications that I have to
rewrite the build process were also being
developed to run on a cloud environment.
So it was not every time, it was not
just a task that I just needed to create
the sh file and just run it as it is.
The whole process of build of each
individual application was analyzed
and then was converted to be able
to run on cloud run back then.
Because when we did this, there was no AI
to help to debug big files like this and.
Just build some bootstrap
files to work on it.
So it was a whole manual process.
Things that use it.
A old MongoDB database that we
have back then they have to be
rewritten to connect to Firestore.
That was the solution that we came up
with it and yes, so builds have changed
a little bit and I had to transfer
all of them, to this new environment.
And of course I had to do for the
production environment, for the
staging environment, and for the
development environment that we have.
So not all went through all three
environments, but yes, staging
and production, they were heavy.